# Risks

You acknowledge and agree that there are numerous risks associated with purchasing **$PUSH**, holding $PUSH, and using $PUSH for participation in the EPNS protocol. In the worst scenario, this could lead to the loss of all or part of the $PUSH which had been purchased. **IF YOU DECIDE TO PURCHASE $PUSH, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE, ACCEPT AND ASSUME THE FOLLOWING RISKS:**

1. **Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions:** The regulatory status of $PUSH and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. The regulation of virtual currencies has become a primary target of regulation in all major countries in the world. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations or create new regulations with respect to such technology and its applications, including $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol. Regulatory actions could negatively impact $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol in various ways. The Company, the Distributor \(or their respective affiliates\) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval\(s\) to operate in such jurisdiction. After consulting with a wide range of legal advisors and continuous analysis of the development and legal structure of virtual currencies, a cautious approach will be applied towards the sale of $PUSH. Therefore, for the token sale, the sale strategy may be constantly adjusted in order to avoid relevant legal risks as much as possible. For the token sale, the Company and the Distributor are working with the specialist blockchain department at Bayfront Law LLC.
2. **Inadequate disclosure of information:** As at the date hereof, the EPNS protocol is still under development and its design concepts, consensus mechanisms, algorithms, codes, and other technical details and parameters may be constantly and frequently updated and changed. Although this white paper contains the most current information relating to the EPNS protocol, it is not absolutely complete and may still be adjusted and updated by the EPNS team from time to time. The EPNS team has no ability and obligation to keep holders of $PUSH informed of every detail \(including development progress and expected milestones\) regarding the project to develop the EPNS protocol, hence insufficient information disclosure is inevitable and reasonable.
3. **Competitors:** Various types of decentralised applications and networks are emerging at a rapid rate, and the industry is increasingly competitive. It is possible that alternative networks could be established that utilise the same or similar code and protocol underlying $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol and attempt to re-create similar facilities. The EPNS protocol may be required to compete with these alternative networks, which could negatively impact $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol.
4. **Loss of Talent:** The development of the EPNS protocol greatly depends on the continued co-operation of the existing technical team and expert consultants, who are highly knowledgeable and experienced in their respective sectors. The loss of any member may adversely affect the EPNS protocol or its future development. Further, stability and cohesion within the team is critical to the overall development of the EPNS protocol. There is the possibility that conflict within the team and/or departure of core personnel may occur, resulting in negative influence on the project in the future.
5. **Failure to develop:** There is the risk that the development of the EPNS protocol will not be executed or implemented as planned, for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the event of a decline in the prices of any digital asset, virtual currency or $PUSH, unforeseen technical difficulties, and shortage of development funds for activities.
6. **Security weaknesses:** Hackers or other malicious groups or organisations may attempt to interfere with $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, there is a risk that a third party or a member of the Company, the Distributor or their respective affiliates may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol, which could negatively affect $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol. Further, the future of cryptography and security innovations are highly unpredictable and advances in cryptography, or technical advances \(including without limitation development of quantum computing\), could present unknown risks to $PUSH and/or the EPNS protocol by rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins that blockchain protocol.
7. **Other risks:** In addition, the potential risks briefly mentioned above are not exhaustive and there are other risks \(as more particularly set out in the Terms and Conditions\) associated with your purchase, holding and use of $PUSH, including those that the Company or the Distributor cannot anticipate. Such risks may further materialise as unanticipated variations or combinations of the aforementioned risks. You should conduct full due diligence on the Company, the Distributor, their respective affiliates, and the EPNS team, as well as understand the overall framework, mission and vision for the EPNS protocol prior to purchasing $PUSH.

